📝 Document self upgrades to servers (#2718)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/administration/servers.md

---
title: Server upgrades
description: Information about how some Platform.sh servers delivering features are updated.
weight: 10
---

Platform.sh runs a variety of servers to deliver its services.

> To get you the newest features, these servers are occasionally updated.
> This ensures your projects get the latest features.

Reviewer: ❓ The 2 lines somewhat seem redundant?

```suggestion
To ensure your projects get the newest features, these servers are occasionally updated.
```

You don't have to do anything to get the updates.
When they're ready for your project, you see an activity about the server being updated in your [activity logs](../increase-observability/logs/access-logs.md#activity-logs).

> These activities shouldn't cause downtime for your project.

Reviewer: 🛠️ 

```suggestion
These activities don't cause downtime for your project.
```
